RDAPI-22830  Issue with unicode files on centos8 (#1822)
Axway/axway-open-docs: content/en/docs/apim_installation/apigtw_install/system_requirements.md

This variable is set for you in EMT mode.

> In CentOS 8.x and Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8.x `glibc` no longer includes `libnsl` and `glibc-langpack-en` libraries. There were included in earlier releases and are required by the API Gateway. To install the missing libraries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In CentOS 8.x and Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8.x `glibc` no longer includes `libnsl` and `glibc-langpack-en` libraries. Those were included in previous releases and are required by the API Gateway. To install the missing libraries:
```
